WHAT DOES IT guys and welcome back.
So in this video we're going to be adding one more section down below and that is going to be the services
I offer.
OK.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to come here right here and I want to go to this guy and I want
justice.
I just basically want to copy this to placate this section just because I didn't want to do everything
from Star Trek.
Now I want to come here.
OK.
I want to just hit this duplicate section and again see that this is right here.
So what I want to do right here I want to change this to be what I can do.
OK.
And I wanted to layout this guy and to lead this guy as well.
So let's come here and let's hit duplicate column OK.
And I want to come here I want to come here to edit section right here.
I want to come here and I want to change just to be white and change just colors to be blue.
OK.
And one on one trade now is that I want to come here and when I go to the location so location is going
to be 30 percent so it should be 30 percent.
OK.
And let's come here.
And I want to just bring this to be let's come here to section and just physically come here and
just drag it and trump up here.
OK.
I want to just come here to edit column and
or just can added column.
Just come here to edit a whole column.
OK.
And I'm here to call them that.
No just come here to this edit section and the content should be full of.
OK.
And this should be stretched.
S. So it should be like this.
Now what I want I want the column to be
call it
ok cool.
So here everything looks cool right now.
I want
to be let's just come here to zero.
Let's come here to style and let's from here in the context of it is going to be full of it.
So this is forward's right now I want this to be right here.
So what do you have to do.
You basically have to just to placate this section and you can see that this is coming right here.
You have to change the color you have to switch color and then you have to make sure that everything
is full of it right here.
So what you have to do you have to just skim this section and then you have to come here to stretch
sections so that everything is stretched straight here.
OK.
And then you have to add some stuff.
OK so now what I want let's just do it from start to that.
It is not confusing to you guys.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to hit remote section.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to Agape this section OK.
And I want I want I want to change this first so that is going to be what I can do.
And here I want to delete this.
And I also wanted to lead this column right here.
So it should be removed call.
OK.
And I want to come here to this whole section.
I want to go to style and I want to change this color to this.
This should be white and this should be blue.
So this should be white and this should be blue OK.
And what I want to do right now is that location should be 30 percent.
So it should be on Tuesday.
OK.
Now what I want I want this to be full of it.
So I wanted this to be stretched.
OK.
And this should be full of it so that everything in sight is fully full of it.
Now what I want I want this to be filled full of.
I want to come here and make and edit this section which is inside this section.
OK.
I want to get to.
I want to go to the blog.
And I want to come here to for a bit.
So this is now that as well.
I want to come here to edit column.
I don't want to duplicate it as column so that a one more call them is added.
Ok let's come here.
Let's just hit and you can see that two columns are right here.
And one just to be 230 percent
OK now this is whole 20 percent you can see that on Number one we have our header and we have about
me.
And then we have what I can do.
So now here a one an image and here I won some services that I want to offer.
So for image I want to go to pixel dot com.
OK.
Let's go to eBay dot com and let's cram an image.
So I want an image to be transparent.
So this is also a free Web site where you can get some images so this image is going to be transparent.
And I want businessman
so
I think
this one is good.
This one is great.
OK what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to give him year.
I'm going to head to free download.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to download too I'm just downloading this right now.
So now let's come here and I want it to be right here.
I want to just skim here and I want an image right here.
OK and let's him here and instead choose your image.
So I basically want to change the show date the image.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to drag this image and I want to come open it up right here.
So let's drag it and let's come here.
OK.
And I want to just press control t so that it should be.
This should be coming right here one just to drag it and just come here so I can see that the Amy's
image is changed.
OK the image location is changed.
I just want to save it now.
And I want just control all to save it so that it is safe.
OK.
I want to save it to the desktop.
Let's it's safe and OK.
So I want to come here right now.
I want to come here.
I want to go to upload Feingold's want to go to select files.
Let's go to this still pray here and let's grab this image OK.
And I want to hit insert media.
This is coming right here.
You can see I want to go to the size should be medium
or just the style.
And let's decrease the size to be this much.
OK.
And then we have the whole it so on.
However it should be bop.
So this is just scary a bit.
So I want to go to the Bob
OK.
This is looking good.
This is just basically crabbing that attention that hey I'm floating or I'm just jumping or something
like that.
OK.
And here I want to add the services so for services I want to go to this section and let's see which
type of thing that we can at so I can an icon list I can add toggle and everything I should an icon
list.
I'm just going to drag it and drop a tray here so you can see right here.
I just want to add the items.
OK.
Well you came here to list item and there should be list item number one.
So this should be web design
web design.
And let's just copy copy copy let's just duplicate it.
So everything is duplicated here.
I'm just going to come here.
And here we have this space that we have the center.
So it should be light.
Here we have icon icon colors should be Plack so you can also add the icon as well.
OK.
And then we have the space so we can also increase the size.
So this is how you can also add the icon list but I don't think so if I should add an icon list instead.
I think I need an icon box.
OK icon box might be the better one.
So I need some columns right here.
I want to come here I want to drag the column and I want it from the tray here.
OK.
So I can not drag and drop the column inside a column.
So what I can do I can manage the icon box
so it is here I want to go to
this guy right here.
So I want some more columns OK.
I'm just going to crappiness I wanted to play game column and to play a column.
OK.
And I want this to come right here.
So this should be set to 30 percent.
And this should be set to 20 percent and this should be set to this.
So here we have it here.
OK.
What I can do right now I can change the size of the image to be medium.
And there we go you can see that everything is looking cool.
Now here I can add that what are the services that I can offer.
So for the number one is this is the heading should be web design
web design and
development.
I want to come here to stay right here.
And the primary color is going to be the white ok for icon.
OK.
For the content it should be.
The title is going to be white and the content area is also going to be white.
The description basically.
OK let's just come here.
Let's come here and he can see everything is looking cool.
So what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to come here.
I want to placate Wajid.
K triplicated triplicated triplicated.
And let's just get him here.
Let's delete the fidget from here and let's delete it from here as well.
So I want to track this widget from the tray here Craig this budget and drop it tray here drag this
widget shop it right here.
And I want it to get one more
so to placate.
So everything is looking cool.
You can see that it says what I can do let's just increase the size to be like large again and everything
is looking cool so we have our services right here.
If I just fully make it in see how it is looking.
So it has about me.
And then it has what I can do so I can do the services I have.
So I have a design and development.
I have no design and development only.
So I'm just going to change them.
OK.
What you can do or you can just come here to single and then you have to change it to be like for web
design and development.
It should be a laptop.
OK.
And for
as CEO it should be Marri kidding.
Or like Kraft
let's just search this.
OK.
I wan to
OK and this for this I want it to be
Bael apps
application development
OK and this should be for an app
OK let's come here and let's change this to be
a graphic design.
And this to be
marketing OK and for marketing I want to change this to be a Crawfordsville should be a craft but it
should be a normal one.
OK.
And this one is the left.
The last one.
So this is going to be
any animation we ID oh animation.
OK cool.
I want this to be a normal one.
So this is going to be video we see.
Oh the camera so you can see how this is looking.
If you just make it the full width you can see we have the whole one the SES turns the alarm on.
I'm just going to go down and on clicking this it's going to take me down and I have about me section
and then I have the what I can do so I can do web design and development I can do SEO.
I can go with application development man I can do craft design marketing and video animation so this
is looking kind of cool.
OK.
If you don't like this or if you don't want this you can also just change it.
You can change it completely.
What you can do is that you can delete it.
You can delete this call mythically.
What you can do it can just come here and it's Italy.
OK.
So this has been deleted.
This is coming right here.
Totally.
And you can just come here to edit section and you can make it the full one.
So I'm just going to go to the backroom.
And for the bag groan I wanted this to be full so you can see how this is looking.
And this should be like come here and just unstretched a section of OK and make it the box so you can
see how normal it is now.
So this is also looking professional and that was also looking professional.
So it totally depends upon you that how you want your website to look.
OK.
One more thing that I want to add here is that I want to come here and I want to come here to divider
and dividers should be right here.
She can see that a divider is right here and it should be solid.
Fate should be this.
OK it's color should be let's just continue to divide it again.
It's colors should be white OK.
And I want it's a good one.
It's to be Center.
But first if I just decrees it you can see that from me here it is decreasing.
But if I just align it as Center and then I decrease it then he can see that it is decreasing from both
sides so you can see that it is used to be sickly add a cord to you say you can see that if I just decrease
the gapping
and I just go to the margin and I want to just bring it more to the top.
So I wanted to be the top three here.
So now came here and you can see how this is looking.
I think this what I can do should also be to do white so that it matches it to everything.
So I'm going to come here to this and I want to change this to be quite ok.
Knology so you can see what I can do.
See you.
Let's just decrease the size of this a bit.
So it should be
decrease it and this
OK.
This looks good.
So what I can do and I can do these of the fallings services so everything looks cool enough for here.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
In the next video we're going to add some more stuff here.
So goodbye.